 MENU AND FOOD QUALITY DOUBLE–DOUBLE CHEESEBURGER HAMBURGER FRIES BEVERAGES SHAKES NOT-SO-SECRET MENU FOOD QUALITY Quality you can taste From the first bite of your burger to your last french fry, quality is the most important ingredient at In-N-Out Burger. We don’t freeze, pre-package or microwave our food. We make things the old-fashioned way.  Double-Double Our commitment to quality starts with our hamburgers. And our burgers begin with our patties. Each patty is made using only fresh, individually inspected, whole chucks from premium cattle selected especially for In-N-Out Burger. Our team of Associates removes the bones, grinds the meat and then makes each patty.  Two Associates in the Kitchen with a Double-Double We have always made our hamburger patties ourselves using only fresh, 100% USDA ground chuck — free of additives, fillers and preservatives. We deliver them to our stores direct from our own patty-making facilities in Baldwin Park, California; Lathrop, California; and Dallas, Texas. We control the whole process, so we can be certain of the quality and freshness of every patty we make.  Our commitment to quality doesn’t stop there. All of our ingredients are delivered fresh to our stores. In fact, we don’t even own a microwave, heat lamp, or freezer. Our iceberg lettuce is hand-leafed. Our American cheese is the real thing. And we use the best available onions and the plumpest, juiciest tomatoes we can find. Our buns are baked using old-fashioned, slow-rising sponge dough. And we make every burger one at a time, cooked fresh to order.  Of course a great burger deserves great fries. At In-N-Out, french fries come from the finest, freshest potatoes. They’re shipped right from the farm, individually cut in our stores, and then cooked in 100% sunflower oil. Our shakes are just as genuine — made with real ice cream. At In-N-Out, that’s the only way we’ll ever make them. Because when you like to keep things simple, doing things the old-fashioned way is the freshest idea of all. 1948 FIRST IN-N-OUT BURGER OPENS Harry Snyder introduces California’s first drive-thru hamburger stand in a space barely 10 feet square at Francisquito and Garvey in Baldwin Park. Every day before dawn, Harry visits the meat and produce markets to pick out fresh ingredients, which he prepares by hand. Meanwhile, his wife Esther diligently takes care of all the accounting for the new restaurant at their home right around the corner. Working in his garage at night after long days of cooking burgers, Harry pursues his vision of enabling guests to order and receive their meals without leaving their cars. The introduction of his unique two-way speaker box lets In-N-Out offer true drive-thru service worthy of its name.  1954 IN-N-OUT LOGO UPDATED The iconic In-N-Out arrow makes its first appearance, replacing the original “No Delay” sign. Inspired by their new logo, In-N-Out associates adopt the sayings, “The arrow points to pride” and "We all work under the same arrow." As far back as 1948, In-N-Out has been the cool place to be. The place to get the freshest burgers, coolest shakes and the hottest fries. More than 60 years later, that reputation still stands. 