Our story starts with one man. Back in 1954, a man named Ray Kroc discovered a small burger restaurant in California, and wrote the first page of our history. From humble beginnings as a small restaurant, were proud to have become one of the worlds leading food service brands with more than 36,000 restaurants in more than 100 countries. From drive thru restaurants to Chicken McNuggets to college credits from Hamburger U, weve had quite a journey. And were still going. But to take a look into our past, we need to share the story of one man. The Ray Kroc Story How do you create a restaurant business and become an overnight success at the age of 52? As Ray Kroc said, “I was an overnight success alright, but 30 years is a long, long night. Origins In 1917, 15 year old Ray Kroc lied about his age to join the Red Cross as an ambulance driver, but the war ended before he completed his training. He then worked as a piano player, a paper cup salesman and a Multimixer salesman. In 1954, he visited a restaurant in San Bernardino, California that had purchased several Multimixers. There he found a small but successful restaurant run by brothers Dick and Mac McDonald, and was stunned by the effectiveness of their operation. The McDonalds brothers produced a limited menu, concentrating on just a few items burgers, fries and beverages which allowed them to focus on quality and quick service. They were looking for a new franchising agent and Kroc saw an opportunity. In 1955, he founded McDonalds System, Inc., a predecessor of the McDonalds Corporation, and six years later bought the exclusive rights to the McDonalds name and operating system. By 1958, McDonalds had sold its 100 millionth hamburger. A Unique Philosophy Ray Kroc wanted to build a restaurant system that would be famous for providing food of consistently high quality and uniform methods of preparation. He wanted to serve burgers, fries and beverages that tasted just the same in Alaska as they did in Alabama. To achieve this, he chose a unique path: persuading both franchisees and suppliers to buy into his vision, working not for McDonalds but for themselves, together with McDonalds. He promoted the slogan, “In business for yourself, but not by yourself. His philosophy was based on the simple principle of a 3 legged stool: one leg was McDonalds franchisees; the second, McDonalds suppliers; and the third, McDonalds employees. The stool was only as strong as the three legs that formed its foundation. “If I had a brick for every time Ive repeated the phrase Quality, Service, Cleanliness and Value, I think Id probably be able to bridge the Atlantic Ocean with them.   Ray Kroc System First First and foremost, Kroc advocated adherence to the system approach. So while many of McDonalds most famous menu items   like the Filet O Fish, Big Mac, and Egg McMuffin   were created by franchisees, the McDonalds operating system required franchisees to follow the core McDonalds principles of quality, service, cleanliness and value. The Roots of Quality McDonalds passion for quality meant that ingredients were tested, tasted and perfected to fit the operating system. Kroc shared his vision of McDonalds future, selling his early suppliers on future volumes. They believed in him and the restaurant boomed. Again, Ray Kroc was looking for a partnership, and he managed to create the most integrated, efficient and innovative supply system in the food service industry. These supplier relationships have flourished over the decades. In fact, many McDonalds suppliers operating today first started business with a handshake from Ray Kroc. Hamburger University In 1961, Kroc launched a training program, later called Hamburger University, at a new McDonalds restaurant in Elk Grove Village, Illinois. There, franchisees were trained on the proper methods for running a successful McDonalds restaurant. Hamburger U utilized a research and development laboratory in nearby Addison, Illinois to develop new cooking, freezing, storing and serving methods. Today, more than 275,000 franchisees, managers, and employers have graduated from the program. The Legend Lives On Right up until he died on January 14, 1984, Ray Kroc never stopped working for McDonalds. His legacy continues to this day, providing McDonalds customers with great tasting, affordable food; crew and franchisees with opportunities for growth; and suppliers with a shared commitment to provide the highest quality ingredients and products. From his passion for innovation and efficiency, to his relentless pursuit of quality, to his many charitable contributions, Ray Krocs legacy continues to be an inspirational and integral part of McDonalds   today and into the future. Our journey towards good. From the start, weve been committed to doing the right thing. And every day, all around the globe, we put people, processes and practices into place to make quality food, more responsible sourcing choices, a stronger community and a better planet. In accordance with our McDonalds values, were here to make a difference, and heres how. Sustainability Priorities See how were making a difference in the communities we serve. Good Food Check out nutrition and ingredient information, as well as our commitment to providing responsibly sourced food. Good Planet We create positive impacts for the planet. It begins with delivering a great restaurant experience every time. Our owner/operators, suppliers and employees work together to meet customer needs in uniquely McDonalds ways. Using Our Scale For Good We believe that delicious food can also be sustainable   for our customers, producers and the environment. As one of the worlds leading restaurant brands, were using our Scale for Good to make this vision a reality. Responsible Leadership We are committed to using our scale for good: good for people, for our industry, and for the planet. From simplifying ingredients to being nutritionally mindful; from reducing our waste impact to advancing the industry on sustainable and humane sourcing; from being a good employer for millions to giving help to those most in need via RMHC. Inclusiveness McDonalds is one of the worlds most universal, democratic brands. We welcome customers of every culture, age and background, and we proudly invest in all the people our success rests on   our crew, our suppliers and our community. Progressiveness We are a restless company: always innovating, always moving forward. From our original business model to the invention of the drive thru and the Happy Meal, were working to do things better tomorrow than we do today.Local Integration McDonalds has traveled far but we stay in sync with society in each of our countries, responding to local needs and integrating with local culture. Our restaurants are typically locally owned, staffed by crew who live nearby, and who proudly give back to their community via hundreds of thousands of local programs. Our People & Communities Investing in people is a top priority. So is giving back to the community.
