Our Story Shake Shack sprouted from a hot dog cart in Madison Square Park in Manhattan to support the Madison Square Park Conservancy’s first art installation. The cart was quite the success, with Shack fans lined up daily for three summers.  In 2004, a permanent kiosk opened in the park: Shake Shack was born. This modern day “roadside” burger stand serves up the most delicious burgers, hot dogs, frozen custard, shakes, beer, wine and more. An instant neighborhood fixture, Shake Shack welcomed people from all over the city, country and world who gathered together to enjoy fresh, simple, high-quality versions of the classics in a majestic setting. The rest, as they say, is burger history.  100% all-natural Angus beef.  No hormones and no antibiotics ever.  Our proprietary Shack blend is freshly ground.  All burgers are cooked medium unless otherwise requested, served on a non-GMO Martin’s Potato Roll.  Add lettuce, tomato, pickle or onion – your choice!  We pride ourselves on sourcing premium ingredients. Download our nutritional information to learn more. For tips on maintaining a healthy lifestyle and balanced diet, please visit the USDA’s MyPlate website.  Teamwork isn’t just practiced at the Shack – it’s perfected. We make each day great – together. We create an exciting work atmosphere with a culture focused on family, fun, community. We make incredibly good and delicious, fresh high-quality food daily, resulting in what many call a cult-like following around the world. Our beloved restaurants are like a family-run restaurant, where we foster personal and meaningful connections within our communities.  HOSPITALITY We go out of our way to ensure that every experience is a memorably positive representation of our culture.  TEAM We hire leaders that are excited about and committed to championship performance, remarkable hospitality, and active personal growth.  FOOD AND DRINK We source and accept only the best ingredients possible and ensure that our food is as good as humanly possible as we balance speed of service and excellence of presentation.  THE SHACK We design, build and maintain the most engaging, thoughtful, safe and clean environments for our teams to work in and our guests to gather in.  COMMUNICATION We’re aligned with each other every day so that mutual understanding leads to progress, and always listening to ensure that all stakeholders feel heard and know that we are on their side.